hey guys what's happened in Houston when
I won back at it once again with a brand
new video for you and welcome to part 24
also 25 actually is 25 is the silver
anniversary edition of the formula 1
2011 career mode playthrough and this is
a very very interesting part career mode
I would like to film this bit and
commentate over this live because this
is a very important part of career mode
for a season and it has a big influence
on the next few races of your career so
I thought let me film this life doesn't
not everybody to learn know about this
so let's get let's get this out of the
way this is an important part of the
game this is rival selection basically
what you have to go and decide is who
you you see is your main rival at this
point in the championship whoever you
choose has significant importance
because if you beat this rival over the
next few races you can take their seat
and get an automatic contract offer the
next season that's how it works now they
give you free options and easy and
medium or a hard option they're never
gonna say it but it depends on who's
placed around you in the world
championship race you've got Fernando
Alonso here who is currently the world
championship leader in case you haven't
forgotten I am second in the world
championship race right now I think I'm
eight points behind Fernando Alonso who
leads the championship so I can choose
either fernando alonso just a Ferrari
and get the number one seat at Ferrari
next season I can choose mark webber
whose currently ferd in the world
championship standings driving for red
bull so if i take that on win again
automatic number two seat at red bull
next season or I can choose felipe massa
driving for ferrari and get an automatic
number two seats at ferrari next season
if i can beat them now here's the thing
here's the problem I'm starting night
sometimes I'm saying that life I'm
starting 12 actually at Spa this will
our next part of my next race that's
gonna be hard to get up there but I'm
like a Ferrari off the line so I came
back and beat four or five guys of the
line through a routine into that first
sector of the track because we all know
that after that happens is gonna be
being defensive I'm already getting some
put of suggestions for people as to who
I should choose now I wonder do I go for
Alonzo and think I have a good chance of
winning the world title off of him do I
go from Mark Webber and pick a red bull
for next season do I become the british
version of sebastian vettel ah there's a
question well do i take the easy way out
go for Felipe Massa and have a good
chance have been in a Ferrari next
season for those who are unaware I
actually think the Ferrari is my
favorite car to drive in the game it
just feels a lot more rock side than the
other two i'm not a big mclaren fan even
though they are blatantly the best car
in the game brit brit's a british bias
there but I don't mind red bull Eva ok
I'm ruling out Fernando Alonso guidebook
another win the title this season and I
think Alonso could beat me over the next
few races
Mark Webber hmm will be nicely kick the
aab way out of out of formula one for
good but he's in a red bull the best
they're the best car dai drives in the
game that's the problem or do I go
Felipe you know what I'm going Felipe
given current form I got the most chance
of beating Felipe and I really want to
be in a Ferrari for next season and
since you guys really want to season two
anomie let's get this out of the way
let's pick for me pay you hey ok I'm
gonna end this here cuz the race is
gonna be another 20 or so minutes and I
don't want to make this a monster video
but i just wanna film that career mode
video just so you know what's happening
in this season so you guys actually have
an idea what's going on do you think I
made the right to my gender felipe massa
let me know in the comment description
after the video as finished until next
time the racing spa until then like
comment and subscribe I've been housed
in 101 thank you very much for watching
and I will catch you next time saina